besides it's Doug again you talked
repeatedly about your staff that you
want to put together we know that as the
fancy has been let go when it's no
longer here can you update us on mark
Eversley the rest of the front office
people and how big a staff you'd like to
put together I'm keeping I'm going to
have a small staff a staff I believe in
in small and I think all the other stuff
is is kind of in house for now and I'm
sure as as it goes along there's some
people I'm still evaluating and some
people that obviously are not no longer
here but we're going to create the
office that we want and but I'm going to
I'm going to keep a small staff Mike
told Newstalk 1010 and Tim Bryan
Colangelo isn't here in a public way at
least to welcome Messiah to the rafters
family I don't know what his reasons for
that are but what about the public
optics to that and does it feed into
what some people are saying that it's a
bad position to put Messiah and it's a
bad position to put Bryan in second
quick question can you separate fact and
fiction from all this talk about the
Raptor rebrand I mean are we looking at
a new name for the Raptors so on the
first question Brian and Masai spent
time this morning Brian's hair and so
that this was not meant to send a
message all of the I know there's a lot
of controversy and a lot of opinions out
there about our reporting structure but
there's no confusion from within this is
very simple Messiah is the general
manager and the president of basketball
operations brian is going to be the
president of team and business
operations for the Toronto Raptors there
is a whole list of things that that
Brian's going to lead the charge on to
grow this organization you don't look at
someone who has his experience his
knowledge and his relationships in the
basketball world and the NBA and in
Canada basketball and throw that out so
he is not only going to lead the charge
on a lot of our initiatives including
branding and I'll get to that in a
second but he is going to be there too
advise and to give input when Messiah
asked for it but I've been now involved
for about four or five days with Messiah
on working through his staff his hires
and the direction he's going in and
there's never been any confusion there's
never been any misdirection so that is
more talk and speculation I can tell you
the reality of the situation is we have
one guy that's in charge of basketball
that's making all the decisions and he
will lead to charge and on Brian side he
has a scope of activity he's going to
work with on our behalf and we have
defined that he knows where we're going
and there's no miscommunication there
just interject did you ask Brian to be
here or did you feel that that was
putting him in a difficult situation
don't you think it would have been a
nice look for the team to have him here
in a public way nope this is about
Messiah today what about the rebranding
then we're looking at rebranding that'll
be part of what brian is going to help
Tom Anselmi and the staff may believe
sports on we're definitely going to take
a look of it it doesn't mean that we're
committed to it but it means it's a good
conversation I saw the generic uniform
today in the paper and so I think it's
something that we want that won't be the
uniform by the way I can assure you of
that I think we need to have this
conversation we need to have it with
Maasai we need to have it with Brian we
need to have it with the owners we have
to honor the tradition in the history of
what the Raptors are but we also need to
hear the fans and what they want to see
we have a very important anniversary
coming up here we have some some events
that we're trying to go out and
ultimately win for the city of toronto
and that will be part of what we do to
celebrate our 20th anniversary we are
committed to changing the culture here
and that is on and off the court though
as there's no issue with bryan colangelo
there's no issue none whatsoever so I
don't know how to help you guys if
there's something you guys want to
create or do whatever that is 00 issue
okay none okay hey I'm on the hot seat
here and it doesn't matter what Brian
tell
me input or whatever he says or whatever
I take from him at the end of the day
I'm on the seat right here okay so there
is no issue let's let's move on from it